(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Let's start with the mantra. Let's start with how to become a Vinashatak. I hope that you all have a pen and a register in your hand.

So that whatever I am going to tell you here, you can note it down with you. This is a very simple table. What is written in this table? Whenever the Sun comes in the 11th house from where it is placed in the chart, then the Sun gives auspicious results.

I will tell you again. In the birth chart, wherever the Sun is placed, suppose it is placed in Tula, then it is said that when the Sun passes above Tula, when it passes from Tula to the next house, i.e. the 2nd house, when it passes from Tula to the 4th house, i.e. Makar, when it passes from Tula to the 7th house, i.e. Mesh, when it passes from Tula to the 8th house, i.e. Vrishab, when it passes from Tula to the 9th house, i.e. the rest of the houses, then the Sun feels good. The Sun enjoys and becomes capable of giving results.

Similarly, wherever the Moon is placed in the birth chart, from there, when the Sun comes in the 3rd, 6th, 10th and 11th houses, then it gives auspicious results. All of us must have read this, those who follow astrology. If you have not read, then please pay attention to this.

Wherever the Moon is placed in the birth chart, from there, when the Sun comes in the 3rd, 6th, 10th and 11th houses, then we say that now the Sun will give more and more auspicious results. Similarly, it is also written about the rest of the planets, that from Mars, where does it feel good, from Mercury, where does it feel good, from Jupiter, where does it feel good. You will find such tables in any book of Ashtakvarga, whether you buy Phaldepeeka, or Brihadparashara Urashas, or any book of Ashtakvarga from the market, then you will see that all these things are given in it.

Let's talk further. Now, how to use it? We got this table from the book. For example chart, I have kept this chart in front of you, which you are seeing now.

The chart is of Karkalagan. In the 5th house, there is Mars, Mercury, Rahu, Sun and Venus. In the 12th house, there is Saturn and Moon.

In the 11th house, there is Ketu. And in the 8th house, there is Jupiter. See, you get this chart, you know it, you have the software, you get the chart in it.

And apart from this, you can take this table from any classical book. If you have read any book of Ashtakvarga, or any classical book, you would have got this table. Now, I have to use these two.

I have to use these two and complete the first step, which is called Bhinna Ashtak. So, let's understand that first. As I said in the beginning, I will take 15 minutes for the calculation.

Let's do that and then we will come to its result. Okay. Now, pay attention here.

What did I do? I made an empty table on top. In this, I wrote the names of 12 signs. Vishak, Dhanu, Makar, Kumbh, Meen, etc.

If you want, you can write 1 to 12. If you want, you can write 8 to 12, because in this chart, Sun is in the 8th sign. So, because of this, I have started from 8. Okay.

So, here write the names of 12 signs. Here, write all the 8 important things in Ashtakvarga, 7 planets and lagna. Write all of them.

In which order should I write? Write the slowest one first. Saturn is at the top. Then, write the Jupiter which is a little faster.

Then, Mars is faster than that. Then, Sun is faster than that. Then, Venus is faster.

Mercury is faster than Venus. Moon changes its sign in 2.25 days. And, Lagna changes in 2 hours.

So, you have made a table in this order. You have written the names of the planets. Now, what to do? The horoscope is in front of you.

You tell me in the chat box, in which sign is Saturn in this horoscope? Okay. See, what was expected, all of you, all the answers you have given till now, Vinay, Moksha, Vivek, Nilay, Priya, Kumari, Sandeep, Tyagi, Shrin, etc. All of you have told Mithun sign, as it is seen in the chart.

So, what I did, I made a mark on it, that it is sitting here. Similarly, I saw Jupiter. Jupiter is in this horoscope.

I made a mark on it. Mars is in Scorpio. So, here, I made a slight mark above 8. That it is here.

Sun is in Scorpio. Again, this mark continues there. Venus is also here.

It became easy. Mercury is also here. Again, I made a mark here.

And, Moon is in this horoscope. Mercury is in Mithun. So, below Mithun, in front of Moon, I made a mark.

Then, I saw Lagna. In Lagna horoscope, Karka Lagna is there. So, below Karka, I made a mark.

I hope, you are understanding this. In very simple words, wherever Jupiter is, make a mark there. Till now, 10 people have confirmed that they have understood everything.

So, let's move ahead. What to do now? Now, as told, use the table below. And, fill it. 

How? First, let's start with Saturn. The 7th point below is before Saturn, 2nd, 4th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th house, Sun is auspicious. So, what I will do is, wherever it is auspicious, I will put a mark there.

How? Before Saturn. Saturn is in Mithun. So, 1st house is here.

I put a mark here. 2nd from Saturn, I put a mark in next house. 4th from Saturn, 1, 2, 3, 4, I put a mark in Virgo.

7th from Saturn, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, I put a mark here. 8th, I put a mark in next house. 9th, I put a mark here.

10th, I put a mark here. 11th, I put a mark here. In simple words, wherever Saturn is, I put a mark or gave a score there.

Now, let's talk about Jupiter. It is written in Jupiter, 5th, 6th, 9th, 11th from Jupiter, Sun gets points. Or, that trajectory is good.

So, what we did is, we started counting 5th, 6th from Jupiter. Will someone help me? The answer is Gemini. Which is absolutely correct.

If I keep a finger on Jupiter, and move 5 houses forward, then I get Gemini. So, based on that, 5th from Jupiter, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, I put a mark here. 6th from Jupiter, 9th from Jupiter, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, I put a mark here.

11th from Jupiter, I put a mark here. 11th from Jupiter, will be Gemini. If it is Aquarius, then it will be 11th from this.

So, I put a mark here. I hope I won't keep increasing. I have just told you about 2 points.

Similarly, other planets also have to be formed by looking at this table, as you just saw. Is this point clear to everyone? If it is clear, then tell me. Fine. 

Fine. Those who are not telling, at least if they thumbs up on the screen, then I will understand that yes, you have done it. Anju ji, you have done it. 

Ritu, you have done it. Ok fine. Great.

Yogesh ji, is this point clear? Fine. Let's move ahead. If it is clear, then what is the next step? The table that we make here will look something like this.

Like we wrote 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 in front of Saturn, as you must have seen a while ago, the rest of the space that is left, 0 is written there. This is how Jupiter was made. You must remember, you only said, Jupiter is in 5th house from Jupiter, we gave 1 there, we gave 1 in Karka, if you notice here, they have given their own point there.

So when your table is complete, it will look something like this, as you can see now. This is a very important table. If you have made this table, if you have made it, then you can get it in the market, but if you have understood its results, you can decode the dasha, you can find out the gochar, you can talk about the mutual harmony of the planets.

All this is in this small table. Keep this in mind. If you notice in this table, if you sum up here and write 48 points, you must be seeing, and, sorry, Sun, whether it is your horoscope, Devashi's horoscope, Yogesh Dhanuka's horoscope, Ritu Mehta's horoscope, Ritu Chavda's horoscope, or mine, in all, Sun gets 48 points.

Neither more nor less than this. Keep this in mind. When you make a horoscope of different people, you will get different points, but when you sum up all of them, the final answer will be 48.

Keep this in mind. Why keep this in mind? Because in the future, I will tell you how people misunderstand this subject. Or how they think there is no result in Ashtakvarga, because they don't pay attention to this number, as far as I know.

So, keep this number in mind that Sun gets 48 points. I will tell you further. Then I made a small use of this table.

I didn't make much effort. I made a Karak Laghan's horoscope. You must have seen that the horoscope we were discussing was of Karak Laghan, so I made an empty horoscope.

And the Prastharvarga that we have made of Sun, in that, the number of points we get, like in Vishakha, if you see here, after summing up, we get 3. Vishakha has 3 points. So, I wrote 3 numbers in Vishakha. In Dhanu, I got 5, so I wrote 5 here.

Similarly, in Makar, I got 10, so I wrote 2. By doing this, I wrote the same number in an empty horoscope, where there is no planet. You just have to take that laghan, which was the laghan of the horoscope. I made an empty horoscope of that, and put these numbers in it.

This chart is called Binnashtak. If I make this chart in the form of a chart, then it is called Binnashtak. And if I make it in the form of a table, then it is Prastharvarga.

Both are equivalent to each other. You can make it from here. And both these things are very important.

Now, we were doing all this hard work. You saw the table, in the title, it was written for Sun. Similarly, hard work is done for other planets as well.

And may be this is the reason, why this subject became less popular. It may be that, many people's screen is very small, but I will still tell you. Here, Sun, Moon, Mars, Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, and Lagna, this table is prepared for all of them, and you get it in the software.

How does it work? I have explained it to you. I would like you to practice this on your horoscope, so that you can tell, that you know how to do it. Rest of the work will be done.

Everything is done in the software. So, in this software, as you can see, there are 8 horoscopes. 8 horoscopes for whom? For Sun, for Moon, for Mars, for all the 7 planets and Lagna, all these horoscopes are ready.

This is clear. And using all these, I have filled them in the horoscopes. As you have seen, I have prepared the horoscope of the other planets, just like I have prepared the horoscope of the Sun.

Let us see, if there are any questions or not. After that, we will move ahead. Fine.

It feels good, when the answer comes from the front. Okay, yes, fine, got it. Wherever it seems, I have worked so hard, the person in front is saying, Sir, please explain it once more.

I don't have any problem in explaining, but if there are 80 people sitting with us, not 80, but 90 people, then those 90 people will have to be explained again. But still I will say, if no one understands, then I say, message me privately, I will not disclose the name here, who did not understand, I will explain it again. Because I don't want anyone to go, who says, I did not understand, where did this point come from? So, this was the calculation, and in this calculation, the thing is, time is consumed more, as you just saw, that I have told you about one planet, think like this, I will make moon too, Mars too, Mercury too.

So, it takes a lot of time, it will take, when people used to work manually earlier, we are not like that, everything is kept easily, got it. Because of this, this subject must not have been given much importance. Now, let's see further.

Now, let's learn to use it. That, what we have made, now some fruit also comes out of it, or we have just made the copy black. So, what I have read, I am keeping it in front of you.

First point, if in a person's chart, Sun is in 3rd, 6th, 10th or 11th house, normally we consider it very good, he is also saying that, consider it good. But, if he is sitting there, and if he gets more points, then definitely, the person will progress, and his talent will not remain hidden. I will tell you again, if in your chart, Sun is in 3rd, 6th, 10th or 11th house, and there, in the chart of Sun, if you are getting more points, more means, if you get 5, 6, 7, then, for sure, this person will definitely progress, and his talent will not remain hidden.

Now, if you have made the chart, which I have shown you, in that, Sun was in 5th house. So, because of this, here, this rule was not applied, because, Sun is not in 5th house, we wanted it in 3rd, 6th, 10th or 11th house. So, this point is missing here, but, you must apply it on your charts, that, if Sun is in 3rd, 6th, 10th or 11th house, and there are more points, then definitely, the person will be able to show his talent.

When I worked on the chart of IAS and IPS officers, I took the same principle, Sun is in 3rd, 6th, 10th or 11th house, ok fine, then I saw, how many points are there in Surya's Vimshopakbal, how many points are there in Ashtakvarg, both are very important parts. So, you can use this rule in your results. So, write this rule.

One more thing, tell me, who all have made that chart? Because, sometimes, I may not be showing the chart on the screen, but, if I open the chart without Ashtak, and you don't have that chart, then, I will put that slide again, so that you can make the chart. I told you about the points of 3rd, 6th, 10th and 11th house. After this, what is the next point? Surya Bhinnashtak and Bhagyadayak Disha, this is very important.

People ask, Sir, in which direction will our Bhagyadayak come? It will come to you also. In which direction should I work, so that I get more benefit? So, how do we tell this? It is told that, see, 1, 5, 9 signs, if you want to write, you can write also, 1, 5, 9 signs, these 3 signs are considered to be in the east direction. These 3 signs are in the east direction.

2, 6, 10 are in the south direction. 3, 7 and 11 are in the west direction. And, 4, 8, 12 are in the north direction.

Now, what you have to do is, in Surya Bhinnashtak, all the points which are in 1, 5, 9 signs, add them up. For example, if you see on the screen, in 1 sign, 5 is written, in 5 sign, 4 is written, and in 9 sign, 5 is written. So, I added them up.

So, I got a sum of 14. On paper, I wrote that, in the east direction, it is getting 14 points. Similarly, in 2, 6, 10, I saw how many came in 2, 6, 10.

In 2 sign, 4 is written, in 6 sign, 5 is written, and in 10 sign, 2 is written. So, 5, 2, 7, 7, 4, 11. 11 points are also here.

It is the same number. Now, let's move ahead. Let's talk about 3, 7, 11.

3 is here, 5 is here, and 4 is here. Keep in mind that, we are talking about the signs, not the numbers. So, 3, 7, 11, how many points are there in the signs? If I add them up, there comes a total of 12.

And when I add 4, 8, 12, 3 is here, 3 plus 5 is equal to 8, and 3 is here, so it becomes 11. So, in total, in the west direction, we got 12 points, and in the rest of the places, we got less. If this is the case, then it means that, in the directions, we will say that, the west direction is more beneficial for you.

Here, keep in mind one thing, which is not written in the books, but I have seen while working, that if the gap is not too much, there is not much difference, like you have seen, 11, 11, 12, there is hardly a difference of one number. So, this method will not seem so effective. It will seem effective there, where the difference is, let's say, 8, 9, something like that, and in one place, it is 15, 16.

So, definitely, you can say that, go in this direction, it will be better here. So, this is one way, to look at Vinash Tuck. Apart from this, the right part of the day, this is also very important.

We have the whole day, to stay in the office, 9 to 5 people do the job, and they ask, for appraisal, when should I talk to the boss? Or, when should I do the meeting, where my burden is a little heavy, the other person should listen to me carefully. So, if you have to think about that, and tell the other person, which time will suit you the most, then that is also a very easy way. It is said, from lagna to the 4th house, count the points, they will show you the first day, the time from 9 to 11.

So, if I count from lagna to the 4th house, I have to do all this in the sun. There are 5 in lagna, 4 in the 2nd house, 5 in the next house, 4 in the next house. So, in total, I have 18 points.

So, in the first half, in the first one third part, I have 18 points. Then, the time from 11 to 2.30 in the afternoon, is from the 5th to the 8th house of the chart. If I count that, it is written here, 3, 5, 2, 3. If I add all of them, then 8, 2, 10, 3, 13.

There were 18, 13 are left here. No problem. Now, the span from 2.00 to 6.00 in the evening, until the sun sets, if we talk about that time.

So, there, 3 and 5, 8 and 4, 12 and 5, 17. If I am not wrong, then 17 comes here. So, for this native, if he has to talk to his boss, or have a meeting, meet people, open the astrologer's office, decide the time, when we can do it.

So, for them, morning hours are more important. Think, how many things have been told to them, that you take it out once, and then you can use it, the astrologer. And till now, we have not talked about the astrologer, which you read or watch.

The main work is of this only. That is used later. Come, let us see further.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)