Jai Shri Ram, brothers and sisters, my name is Nishant Singh. Did you know that there are certain yogas in your birth chart that can easily determine
what kind of property or house you will receive in your life? You may have noticed that some people acquire properties
easily . At the same time, there are others who , despite their hard work, struggle to acquire any property, or sometimes even remain
without any property for a lifetime. Such yogas and planetary combinations form in your birth chart, and by observing them, you can easily determine for yourself
what kind of property you will receive in your life and when. Let's begin and learn about the various yogas.
The conditions for the best planetary yogas are that the fourth lord in your birth chart must be strong and placed in a quadrant, i.e., the first, fourth, seventh, or tenth house,
or in a triangle. It should be placed in the first, fifth, or ninth house. Additionally, the fourth lord
should be in conjunction with a benefic, or at least have an aspect on the fourth lord. If this is the case, you
will receive a very beautiful and good house in your life. If your ascendant isn't strong, you can also check this placement from the Moon ascendant. Let's look at an example. In this horoscope,
the fourth lord is Mercury. Mercury is placed in the seventh house. So, the first condition is met: your fourth lord should be placed in the quadrant. It should be placed in the first, fourth, seventh,
or tenth house. Of these, Mercury is placed in your seventh house, and Jupiter has an aspect on Mercury. Jupiter's 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Jupiter's ninth aspect is on Mercury. Mercury is also
in conjunction with Venus. Venus is in its debilitated sign here. However, its conjunction with Mercury dispels Venus's debilitation. Thus, Jupiter's aspect on Mercury and its conjunction with Venus are also in conjunction.
Both Jupiter and Venus are natural benefactors. This combination is very good. This person will receive a very beautiful, very good home in their life.
Let's look at another yoga. A strange deal type yoga. Its conditions are that the lords of your fourth and tenth houses
must be in conjunction. These two must also be in conjunction with Saturn and Mars. So, this is a very rare combination
, as it requires the conjunction of four planets: the fourth lord, the tenth lord, Saturn, and Mars. But if this combination is formed in your birth chart
, or in anyone's birth chart, that person likely owns more than one large building . Big houses, palaces. In today's world, if not palaces , then they often own large mansions and large houses. More than one.
Combining four planets isn't easy, but there are some ascendants where this combination has a chance. For example, if you
look at a Leo ascendant, its fourth lord is Mars. In this case, the 10th lord is Venus, Saturn,
and Mars, so only three planets are needed. So, four planets aren't needed. Three planets will suffice.
Consider a Capricorn/Capricorn ascendant. Mars is the fourth lord, so Mars becomes the fourth lord in that too. The 10th lord is Venus and Saturn, so three planets will suffice. Libra's
fourth lord is Saturn, so it only needs the conjunction of the 10th lord, Moon, Mars, and Saturn
. If this conjunction is formed, your work will be done. Scorpio
's fourth lord is Saturn, so it only needs the 10th lord, Sun, and Mars. So,
three of the four planets create this combination in these ascendant signs . Similarly, let's look at Aries. Aries ascendant.
Saturn is the 10th lord, so it
needs two more planets: the fourth lord, Moon, and Mars. Taurus's Taurus ascendant sign is Saturn, so it only
needs the fourth lord, Sun, and Mars. Cancer's 10th lord is Mars, so it
needs the fourth lord, Venus, and Saturn. Aquarius's Aquarius ascendant sign is Mars,
so it needs the 10th lord, Venus, and Saturn. So, these four planets before and
four now, that is, there are eight ascendant signs in which this combination can only be formed by a combination of three planets instead of four. But this combination is still quite rare.
Let's look at another example. This is a Scorpio ascendant horoscope. The fourth lord is Saturn and the tenth lord is Sun. So, in this, the conjunction of Sun and Saturn is formed in the second house.
Mars is also placed in the second house. This creates a combination of three parents: Sun, Saturn, and Mars. Together, these three parents create this yoga
, along with Venus's placement. Venus's placement provides an added advantage: the number of houses and properties owned, whether multiple, will be large, yet also
nourishing and beautiful. Let's look at the next combination: Ayantra Graha
Prapti Yoga. Its condition requires the ascendant and seventh lord to be placed
either in the ascendant or in the fourth house, and also be aspected by a beneficial planet. If both conditions are met
, such a person can easily acquire homes and properties without any effort . If only one of these conditions is met and the other condition
is not met, meaning there is no aspect of a beneficial planet on them, then in this case, the person gets both a house and property, but they will
have to work a little harder. Let's consider an example. The ascendant lord is Saturn and the seventh lord
is Sun. So, in this horoscope, Saturn is placed in the fourth house and the seventh lord Sun
is placed in the ascendant, so the first condition is met. In the second condition, Jupiter's
aspect is on Saturn, so this condition is met. But there is no aspect of any beneficial planet on the Sun. So, all these things together create this combination. This person
will easily get a house and property. If there is some difficulty, it may be because there is no aspect of any beneficial planet on the Sun.
Otherwise, there is no problem. A person will easily get a house and property . Let's look at another combination in this same combination. The Lord of the Ninth
should be placed in the center. This means that the Lord of the Ninth should be placed in the first, fourth, seventh, or tenth house, and the Lord of the Fourth should either be in its own sign, its exalted sign,
or its Moolatrikona sign. If both conditions are met , the person can easily acquire a home or property in their lifetime without any effort. Let's consider an example.
The Lord of the Ninth is Venus. Venus is placed in the fourth house. The first condition is met,
and the Lord of the Fourth House is also Venus, and it is placed in its own sign. Taurus is Venus's sign. So, both conditions are met. This person will easily
acquire a home and property. The added advantage is that Jupiter aspects Venus, which is a natural advantage, and the Moon, also a natural advantage,
is in conjunction with Venus. This is a very good combination in terms of property.
You can easily acquire a good property without even having to sit idle
. Now let's look at some negative yogas. Negative combinations. Graha Nash Yoga: The person with this yoga in
their birth chart finds that even after acquiring the property, the property doesn't stay with them, it slips away, and they lose it. They are either forced to sell it, or if they have
purchased the property on loan, the bank seizes the property, or they have to sell their property due to financial difficulties. What is that combination? If
the Lord of the Fourth House is placed in the 12th house in your birth chart? The 12th house is placed in the 12th house from the fourth house, not from the ascendant. That is, if your Lord of the Fourth
House is placed in the third house, this combination is formed. Along with this, there must also be a malefic aspect on the Lord of the Fourth. This combination is complete.
If this combination exists, you are unable to save your property.
Property comes to you but cannot stay; it goes away. Alternatively, what is the other combination? If the lord of the
sign in which the lord of the fourth house is placed in the Navamsa is placed in the third house in your birth chart. If this combination forms, the same result is achieved: you will acquire property, but
it won't last. You will be forced to sell it, or someone else will take it from you. Let's consider an example. In this birth chart, Mercury, the lord of the fourth house,
is placed in the 12th house from the fourth house. Mercury, the 12th house from the fourth house, is placed in the third house, creating a Graha Nash Yoga. You
need to be very careful. If you buy property, never buy it in your own name; you will buy it in someone else's name. If you buy property in your own name, you
will lose it. The chances of such a thing are very high. So, brothers and sisters, check your birth chart
and see which of these combinations form in your birth chart. If your birth chart indicates a possibility of losing property, be careful not to do so.
Don't buy property in your own name. If you have the potential to gain property, then without any doubt, wait for a favorable time and buy it as soon as the time comes
. Please let us know in the comments section which of these possibilities are favorable for your channel. If you enjoyed our video, please like it, share it with your friends, and subscribe to our channel.
Thank you very much.