
Compilation of Brighu Nandi Nadi Astrology


Umashankara U BE, MBA, MA (ASTROLOGY)

Jyotish Vachaspathi, Jyotish Hora Ratna ( KP Advanced Stellar Astrology)




Pisces	Aries	Taurus	Gemini
Aquarius	

Twelve Signs in Bha Chakra	Cancer
Capricorn	 	Leo
Sagittarius	Scorpio	Libra	Virgo


Jupiter	Mars	Venus	Mercury
Saturn	

Ruling	planets	placed	in	their respective signs	Moon
Saturn	 	Sun
Jupiter	Mars	Venus	Mercury




Water	Fiery	Earth	Airy
Airy	
Thatwas :	Water
Earth	 	Fiery
Fiery	water	Air	Earth

			
Thatwas :

Aries,Leo and Sagittarius are Fiery signs
Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn are Earth signs
Gemini, Libra, Aquarius are Airy signs
Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces are Water signs









Negative (feminine)	Positive (masculine)	Negative (feminine)	Positive (masculine)

Positive (masculine)	
Positive and Negative signs



Masculine or Feminine signs	
Negative (feminine)

Negative (feminine)	 	
Positive (masculine)
Positive (masculine)	Negative (feminine)	Positive (masculine)	Negative (feminine)









Common	Movable	Fixed	Common (dual)
Fixed		Movable
Movable	 	Fixed
Common	Fixed	Movable	Common












NORTHE
a s t	EAST	SOUTH	WEST
WEST	

Directions placed in their respective signs	NORTH
SOUTH	 	EAST
EAST	NORTH	WEST	SOUTH

East Signs:	Aries, Leo, Sagittarius. South Signs: Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn. West Signs: Gemini, Libra, Aquarius. North Signs: Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces.











Significators of Planets

SUN: Athma Karaka (Soul), Father, Son, Government, Politics, Success, Development, Name and Fame, Brightness, Heat.

Enemies: Venus, Saturn, Rahu


MOON:, Mano Karaka(Mind), Mother, Mother in law, Elder sister, Liquid, Travelling, Cheating, Loss, Blames, Expenditure, Adultery, Changes, Cold, Water,

Enemies: Venus, Kethu.


MARS: Dheha Karaka(Body), Husband, Younger Brother, Technology, Machineries, Rivalry, Disputes, Anger, Ego, Power, Energy, Adamancy, Accidents.

Enemies: Mercury, Saturn, Rahu.


MERCURY: Bhuddi Karaka(Intellect), Youngest Brother or Sister, Maternal Uncle, Father in-law, Friends(Boy or Girl friends), Support, Education, Business, Philosophy, Diplomacy, Astrology, Correspondence.

Enemies: Mars, Kethu.


JUPITER: Jeeva Karaka( for Male), Preacher, Judge, Religious Activities, Spiritual Person, Development, Growth, Respect,  Divinity.
Enimies: No Enemies but sometimes Rahu , Moon, Mercury.

VENUS: Jeeva Karaka (for Woman), Wife, Younger Sister,Daughter, Daughter in-Law, Luxuries, Money, Wealth, Assets,Vehicles , House.

Enemies: Sun, Moon, Kethu.


SATURN: Karma Karaka(Work), Elder Brother, Work, Industry, Slowness, Indolence. Enemies: Mars, Kethu, Sun, Moon.
Rahu: Kaala Purusha, Paternal Grand Father, Foreign Country,	Shade, Corruption, Hard Work, Accidents, Operation, Big, Large, Multi, Numerous, Wheel.

Enimies: Moon,Mars.


9,Kethu:	Moksha Karaka, Maternal	Grand	Father, Law, Medical, Pharma, Litigation, Obstacles, Differences of Opinion, Careless, Spiritual, Imprisonment.

Enimies: Mercury, Venus, Saturn.
Planets


Planets and Their Genders:
The sun, mars and Jupiter are male planets. The moon, Venus and Rahu are female planets. Mercury, Saturn and Ketu are eunuch planets

Religion of planets:
Jupiter and Venus: Brahmins The sun and Mars: Kshatriyas The Moon: Vaishyas Mercury: Mixed Religion Saturn: Sudra
Rahu: Muslim

Ketu: Christian
Saturn and Rahu: Menials Mars and rahu: Sikhs Mercury and Ketu: Bengalis Planets and their humours:
Sun and Mars: Pitta or Bile(Heat and its effects)
Moon and Venus: Moon indicates cold effects like Kapha and Venus like (vata) Meha Saturn: Vatha effect from wind like gastric troubles
Mercury: a mixture of consolidation of over thoughts


Planets and their qualities:
The sun, Moon and Jupiter are pious
Mercury and Venus are intellect and persevering Mars, Saturn and Rahu are Tamasa
Ketu stands for Mokshakaraka like a sanyasi Planets and their Tatwas
The planets and their Tatwas:
The Sun and Mars are fire elements
The Moon and Venus are water elements Mercury is Earth element
Jupiter is Ether ( akash) elements Saturn is wind (vayu) element.
Face governed by the Planets
Right eye – Sun Left eye – Moon Eye Brow – Mars
Fore head - Mercury Nostrils: Jupiter Cheeks – Venus
Chin – Right and left part of the chin governed by Saturn Mouth – Rahu
Hairs – Ketu

Teeth – Mars Tongue - Mercury

The planets and their Presiding Deities:
Sun: Shiva
Sun: 4am to 12noon	-- Brahmamsha – Creator 12 to 4 pm noon – Shiva -- Destruction
4 to 7 pm evening Vishnu Amsha – Sthithi- the lord or Statusquo
Moon: Parvathi – the Divine mother, Moon and Mars ( Shakthi) Mars: lord Subramanya – ( incarnation of Lord Shiva)
Mecury: Lord Vishnu
Jupiter: Brahma (jagadguru) – Dakshinamurthy Venus: Lakshmi Goddess
Saturn: Lord of Karma ( Yama selvamsha) Rahu: the lord of serpents, Chamundeswari Ketu: Brahma, Ganesha
Brahma : Dragon tail, Jupiter+Dragon tail.Morning Sun, Mercury +Dragon Tail. Vishnu: Mercury, Evening Star, Venus
Shiva: Saturn, Mars, Dragon Tail, Moon, Jupiter+ Saturn, Dragon Head Saraswathi: Mercury, Dragon tail.
Lakshmi: Mercury, venus
Parvathi: Moon, Saturn, Moon,( parvathi, the universal Goddess, mother) Mars (shakthi swaroopa)

Avatars:
Sun: Rama, Moon: krishna, Mars: Narasimha, Mercury: Buddha, Jupiter: Vamana, Venus: Parusurama, Saturn: koorma, Rahu: Varaha, Ketu: Matsya.

Languages
Sun: Sanskrit and Telugu its allied languages Moon: Tamil and its allied Dravidian languages

Mars: Powered languages (Mantras)
Mercury: Astrology, Logical and intellectual languages (coded languages) Jupiter: Telugu, Pali- Sanskrit ( Divine languages)
Venus: Sanskrit, Telugu, Expertise(literary languages-grammar, style etc) Saturn: Application languages (formulas, blue prints symbols)
Rahu: Hindu,Vertical or reverse reading language
Ketu: English, Occult and Mystic languages ( talisman, drawings, symbols)


Taste:
Sun: Pungent, Moon: Salt, Mars: Spicy, Mercury: Bitter, Jupiter: Sweet, Venus: Sour, Saturn: Cold, Rahu: Astringent, Ketu: Stale



Metals
Sun: Gold and Copper, Moon: Silver, Mercury: Alloy, Jupiter: Tin, Venus: Panchaloha, Saturn: Iron, Rahu: Lead, Ketu: Rusted
Education( B N N)
If any planet occupies 4th house from Jupiter, the native will have education related to that planet.
The native will get Education related to the sign in which the 4th lord from Jupiter is placed.
If Mercury is conjoined with any planet in 1st , 5th, or 9th trine houses or aspected by any planet from 3rd, 7th or 11th houses or associated with any planet in the front (2nd House or rear house (12th house), the native will have education related to that planet.
The native will have Education related to the Zodiac sign in which Mercury is placed.
Planets and their Subjects:
Sun: Political science, Civics, History, Social sciences, study of Telugu Language ( Mercury
+ Sun).
Moon: Arts, Psycology, Chemistry, Water, Zeology, Marine, Hotel management, Agriculture, Fine Arts, study of Tamil and Dravidian languages (Mercury + Moon).
Mars: Engineering (Machanical,Electrical,Electrical), Physics, Mining, Gems and Minerals, Civil Engineering (Venus + Mars),Irrigation, Archeology, Zoology,

Mercury: Accounting, Maths, Statistics, C.A, M.B.A, Logic, Education
Jupiter: Audit and Accounts, Philosophy, Biology, B.Ed, Study of Sanskrit Language (Mercury + Jupiter).
Venus: Higher Studies, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Civil Engineering, Architecture, House Keeping,
Saturn: Departmental and work related Training, Human Resource Management,
Rahu: Chemical, Nuclear physics, foreign related, Computers, Television, Photography, Graphics, Cinema , Aviation, Computers Sciences in Engineering (Mars + Rahu), Information Technology ( Mercury + Mars + Rahu), Study of Hindi and Arabic Languages as specialization (Mercury + Rahu), Media and Press, Journalism
Ketu: Medicine, Pharmacy, Chemistry, Study of foreign languages such as English … as specialization (Mercury + Ketu), Electricals, Tailoring, Textile Designing, Theology, Astrology, Occult Sciences, Healing related Courses, Law, Endowment(Jupiter+Ketu).Tele Communications (Mars+ Ketu +Mercury), Fashion Designing ( Venus+ Ketu)

Zodiac Signs And Education
Aries: Agricultural Sciences, Electronics, chemicals,, Ancient History, Technical and Mechanical Engineering, Printing , Dental

Taurus: Medicine, Painting, Singing, Music and Fine Arts, Psychology, Designing, Photography, Sculpting, Architecture

Gemini:: B.Ed, Arts, Journalism, Media, Printing, C.A, M. B. A, M.C.A, Electronics and Tele Communications. Journalism, media related Courses, Banking, Commerce, Accounts, Astrology, Law,

Cancer: Agricultural Sciences, Marine and Navy related Courses, Music, Marketing, Economics, Chemistry. Pharmacy, Hotel Management, Tourism, Driving.

Leo: Geography, History, Political science, Civics, Computers, M.A, in literature, B.Ed, Medicine, Chemistry,

Virgo: D. Pharmacy, Medicine, Neurology, Electrical Engineering, Tours and Travels. Astrology, Commerce, M.B.A, Law and Judicial, Agricultural Engineering, Vegetation, Astrology, Occult sciences, Healing Related courses

Libra: Astrology, Mathematics, B.Com, Finance and Banking, Homeopathic Medicine, Textiles, Music and fine arts, Vehicles, Auto Mobile, Civil and Mechanical Engineering, Law,

Scorpio: Iron and steel, Machinary, Mechanical Engineer, Chemistry, Chemicals, computer Personnel, computer Engineers, Detectives, Surgeons

Sagittarius: Economics, Religion, literature, B.Com, Computers, C.A, Accountancy


Capricorn: Physics, B.A. Lab Tech, Diploma in mechanism, Psychology, Neurosciences, political sciences,
Aquarius: B.Com, Nursing, Telecommunication, C.A


Pisces: B.com, Commerce, Textiles, Printing and Publishing, Astrology and Vedic Sciences. Marine Engineering.

Educational Successes and Failures:


Success in Education: Mercury + Sun + Jupiter
Bhahu Vidya Yoga( More than two Degrees): Mercury + Rahu
Research and P.HD: Mercury + Sun + Venus, Jupiter
Higher Studies( M.S, M.B.A, M.Tech, M. Sc ): Mercury+ Venus+ Jupiter
Studies in foreign Travel: Mercury + Moon + Rahu or Ketu.
No Education: Mecury + Mars+ Ketu
Educational Breaks: Mercury+ Ketu
Change of course due to failure: Retro Mercury or exchanged Mercury with another planet
Educational failure due to love failures: Mercury+Moon+Ketu



PROFESSIONS THROUGH BHRUGU NADI


SATURN+SUN: Politics, Govt job, Father’s Profession, Politician.


SATURN+MOON: Transport, Liquid, Drinks, Food items, Hotel or Restaurant, Milk Products, Reporters, News Readers, Transferable Job.

SATURN+MARS: Technical, Machinery, Engineering, Police, Defence, Fire related, Energy, Iron, Metal, Gems & Minerals, Surgeon, Dentist.

SATURN+MERCURY: Business, Real Estate, Teaching. Astrology, Intellectual Job, Accounts, Business management, Mathematics, Communication, Writing etc.

SATURN+JUPITER: Comfortable and Respectable Job, Teacher in their Respective Field, Education, Guide, Judge

SATURN+VENUS: Banking, Finance, Money Lending Business, Luxury related Profession, Shares, Gold, Art, Music, Builder, Construction of Apartments, (Saturn+Venus+Rahu).

SATURN+RAHU: Secret Agents, Unethical Jobs, Shade related Professions- Computer, Soft wear, Graphics, Photography, TV, Cinema, Cable, Printing and Publishing Smuggling, Gambling, Transport (Satun+Moon+Rahu+Venus),

SATURN+KETHU: Service to Humanity which may include Spiritual, Occult Sciences, Religion, Healing, Medical, Pharma, Chemicals, Law, lawyer (mercury+kethu).

MARRIAGE (BNN)


  Marriage for Male Native:

Venus is causative planet for marriage for male Native

If Venus is placed in 1-2-3-5-7-9-11-12 from Jupiter, the marriage is promised..
If 7th lord counted from Jupiter is placed in 1-2-3-5-9-11-12 from the lord of the house in which Jupiter is posited, then marriage is promised.
If Jupiter aspects Venus, early marriage is promised. If Saturn aspects Venus, Marriage is delayed.
No marriage, Separation or Divorce for Male Native

If Venus is placed in 4-6-8-10 from Jupiter
If Ketu is placed in 1-5-9 or 2 from Venus
If 7th lord counted from Jupiter is placed in 4-6-8-10 from the lord of the house in which Jupiter is posited.
If Ketu is placed in 1-5-9-or 2 from 7th lord counted from Jupiter.
If Jupiter, Ketu and Venus are placed in successive signs in the following sequence
Jupiter+Ketu+ Venus Venus + Ketu + Jupiter
If Lord of the house in which Jupiter posited, Ketu and 7th lord counted from Jupiter are placed in successive signs in the following sequence
Lord of the house in which Jupiter posited +Ketu +7th lord counted from Jupiter.
7th lord counted from Jupiter + Ketu+ lord of the house in which Jupiter posited.
If all the above combinations are present in Male Horoscope, then it leads to break in marriage or divorce or No Progeny.
If Venus is hemmed in between Rahu and Ketu(Direction Wise), marriage is not promised. But this Dosha will be warded off if Jupiter aspects Venus.

Ex: 1. Nagarjuna Telugu Film Hero (29.08.1959) separated and divorced from his first wife due to the position of venus in 10th house from Jupiter. Second wife causative planet mercury is in 9th house from Jupiter. So he is happy with
his second wife.

Pawan Kalyan another Telugu Hero ( 02.09.1971) separated and divorced from his first and second wife due to the position of Venus(first wife) and mercury(second wife) in 10th house from Jupiter. Moon (third wife) is posited in 3rd house from Jupiter.
Our prime Minister Narendra Modi (17.091950) has Venus in 7th house so he got married. but he was separated from her due to the position of Ketu in 2nd house from Venus. in between Jupiter and Venus there are malefic planets Rahu and Saturn. So the native (Jupiter) can not cross the malefic planets and meet his wife(venus).
Salman khan Baliwood Hero(27.12.1965) has Venus in 8th house from Jupiter in his horoscope. So marriage is not promised.
Rahul Gandhi Congress Party President(19.06.1970) has Venus in 10th house from Jupiter and ketu is in 2nd house from Venus. So marriage is not promised.
A.P.J Abdul Kalam (15.10.1931) has venus in 4th from Jupiter in his horoscope.So he was unmarried.
Accidents or early Death to life partner for Male Native:
	If Venus is posited in 1st, 2nd , 5th , 9th from Rahu, ill health or early death to his wife is promised.
If Venus is hemmed in between Rahu and Mars or Rahu and Saturn or Mars and Saturn(Direction Wise), the combination denotes accidents or accidental death or major health problems like heart at ache or cancer or unnatural death to wife.
Female Horoscope:

Marriage for Female Native:

Mars is causative planet for female Native

If Mars is placed in 1-2-3-5-7-9-11-12 from Venus, then marriage is promised.
	If 7th lord counted from Jupiter is placed in 1-2-3-5-7- 9-11-12 from the lord of the house in Which Jupiter is posited, then marriage is promised.
Jupiter aspects mars, early marriage is promised. If Saturn aspects Mars, delay of marriage is  promised.


Unmarried, Separation, Divorce for female native :

If Mars is placed in 4-6-8-10 from Venus or
If Ketu is placed in 1-5-9 or 2 from Mars or
If 7th lord counted from Jupiter is placed in 4-6-8-10 from the lord of the house in which Jupiter is posited or
If Ketu is placed in 1-5-9 or 2 from 7th lord counted from Jupiter or
If Mars , Ketu and Venus are placed in successive signs in the following sequence Mars+ Ketu+ Venus
Venus+ Ketu +Mars
If all the above combinations are present in Female Horoscope, then it leads to break in Marriage or Divorce.
If Mars is hemmed in between Rahu and Ketu( Direction Wise), marriage is not promised. But this Dosha will be warded off if Jupiter aspects Mars.
Ex: 1. J Jaya Lalitha former C M of Tamil Nadu(born on 24.02.1948 ) has mars in 6th house from Venus in her horoscope. Moreover there are malefic planets – rahu and Saturn in between Venu  and Mars. So she was unmarried.
Mamatha Benarji C M of west Bangal (born on 05.01.1955 ) has Mars in 4th house from Venus in her horoscope and mars is also conjoined in trinal direction(1,5,9). So No Marital happiness is promised.
Accidents or Early Death to Life Partner for Female Native(widowhood):

	If Mars is posited in 1st, 2nd , 5th , 9th from Rahu in a female horoscope, ill health or early death to her husband is promised.
If Mars is hemmed in between Rahu and Saturn (Direction Wise) in a female horoscope, the combination denotes accidents or accidental death or major health problems like heart at ache or cancer or unnatural death to her husband.
Ex:

Indira Gandhi (19.11.1917) has mars in the 9th house from Rahu in her Horoscope. In spite of mars exchange with Sun, Mars is again posited in 12th house to Rahu, so India Gandhi became widow.
In Sonia Gandhi’s horoscope (09.12.1946) Mars is hemmed in between
Rahu and Saturn (Direction wise). So Sonia became widow.























TRANSIT THROUGH NAADI ASTROLOGY


JUPITER TRANSIT OVER THE FOLLOWING NATAL PLANETS


(According to B N N, Every Natal or Transit Planet from the house occupied by it aspects the planets posited in 1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 11th, and when the planet is in retrograde, the aspect should be counted from 12th house).

Natal SUN: Respect, Promotion, Cooperation from Higher Authorities, Male Progeny Prospects.


Natal MOON: Change of residence, Mother turns devotional, Birth of Female Child, Changes, travelling, Foreign travel, Contact with Females, Blames, ill health, Cold related Problems.

Natal MARS: Adamancy, Impulsiveness, Blood Pressure, Anger, Disputes, Construction or Technical Activities, Marriage Prospects for Female Natives and if married her Husband gets Promotion.

Natal MERCURY: Profits in Business, Educational Successes, New Knowledge, Landed Gains, Professional Training, Official Meetings, Learning Occult Sciences.

Natal JUPITER: Name and Fame, Very Good Time, Respect, Male Progeny.


Natal VENUS: Marriage Prospects for Male Native, Affluence, Assets, Celebrations, Construction of House, purchase of luxury goods, Female progeny.

Natal SATURN: Employment, Promotion, Transfer, smooth going period.


Natal Rahu: Operation, Surgery, Ill Health, News of Death, Fear, Abortion.


Natal Kethu: Ill health, Divya Gnana, Meeting Sadh Gurus, Going on Pilgrimage.




WHEN TRANSITING SATURN TRANSIT OVER THE FOLLOWING NATAL
PLANETS (Brighu Nandi Nadi Principles)
(According to B N N, Every Natal or Transit Planet from the house occupied by it aspects the planets posited in 1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 11th, and when the planet is in retrograde, the aspect should be counted from 12th house).

Natal SUN; Financial Stress, Disputes with Son or Father or Superior officers, Professional Harassment, trouble by government, Ill Health to Father.

Natal MOON: Transfer, Change of Job or Profession,
or Business, Loss in Business, Unnecessary Blames, Expenditure, Cheating, Cold relate problems, travelling, adultery, sudden changes in life. Mother will undergo ill health.

Natal MARS: Mental Tensions, Professional Harassment, Quarrels, Disputes with Superior Officers at Work Place, Obstacles to Income, Disputes with Husband for Female Natives, Disputes with Brother.

Natal MERCURY: Educational Success for Students, New Knowledge and Professional Training, Profits in Business and Commercial activities, landed benefits, purchase of lands, Help or support from friends.

Natal JUPITER; New Job , Promotion, Transfer, Development, Professional Growth, Respect, Friendship with Big Personalities, gastric problems.

Natal VENUS: Marriage Prospects for Male Natives, Financial Benefits from Wife, Female Progeny, Celebration at Home, Purchase of Car, House, Assets, Financial Stability,

Natal SATURN: Work Tension, Heavy or Additional Work, troubles.


Natl RAHU:	Foreign Travel , Hard Work, Low Salary Jobs, Purchase of Vehicles, Professional Disturbances. Legal Problems, Unethical deeds, corruption, death in the house. Natal KETU: Unemployed, Vexation with the Job, Termination or Resignation, Professional Disturbances, No Aim or Ambition, Legal Problems, I T OR CBI OR ACB Rides, litigation, disputes, Imprisonment, visiting holy places.

WHEN TRANSITING RAHU TRANSITS OVER THE FOLLOWING	NATAL
PLANETS (Brighu Nandi Nadi Principles)

Natal Rahu or Transit Rahu from the house occupied by it aspects the planets posited in 1st. 5th and 9th houses. Rahu does not have 7th aspect. Rahu travels from one sign to another by anti-clockwise motion.

Natal SUN:  Ill health, right eye related problem, or Surgery or Danger to Father or Son.


Natal MOON: mental depression, fear, abortion, left eye related problem, having big appetite, no peace of mind, long travels, danger to Mother, ill health to mother, surgery to Mother.

Natal MARS: Accidents, blood related problems, Blood pleasure, tooth ache, Heart at ache, surgery, danger to brother, ill health or danger to Husband.

Natal MERCURY: Intellect marred, injury to fore head, Danger to friends or brothers or sisters, thyroid problems, vocal related disorders, skin diseases, dislocation of shoulders, profits from lands or assets.

Natal JUPITER: Health problems, surgery, accidents, black mark develops on the face.


Natal VENUS: Health problems or surgery or accidents to wife or sister, uterus problem, illicit affairs with other ladies, hidden treasury.

Natal SATURN: Unethical deeds, corruption, sex with low class women, performing lost rites, laziness the native, stomach problems, indigestion, leg fracture.

Natal RAHU: Abdominal disorders, stomach disorder, ear aches, professional disturbance, sacrifice.

Natal KETHU: Ill health, Nervous problem, diarrhea, obstacles to one’s growth.


WHEN TRANSITING KETHU TRANSITS OVER THE FOLLOWING NATAL PLANETS

(Natal Ketu or Transit Ketu from the house occupied by it aspects the planets posited in 1st. 5th and 9th houses. Ketu does not have 7th aspect. Ketu travels from one sign to another by anti-clockwise motion.)

Natal SUN: Father going on Pilgrimage, Orders from Government, misunderstanding with father, Son getting Blessing from God and good for Politicians.

Natal MOON: Mother turns spiritual, Ill health to Mother, divine contemplation, misunderstanding with mother.

Natal MARS: Disputes with Brother, Blood Pressure, Disputes with Husband, Widowhood, misunderstanding with brother, nervous debility to brother.

Natal MERCURY: Skin Diseases, Intellect marred, poor memory, litigation, Education disturbed, Love Affairs and misunderstanding with girl or boy friend. Land Disputes, Disputes with Business Partners, Obstacles to Business Growth.

Natal JUPITER: The Native turns spiritual due to various problems in life, Ill Health, Meeting Sad Gurus, Taking Bath in Sacred Rivers, Careless Attitude towards Mundane Life.

Natal VENUS: Ill Health to Wife or Sister, Financial Problems, Separation or Divorce with Wife, Disputes at Home.
Natal SATURN: Termination or Resignation, Jobless, Taking leave from office, Vexed with job, No Aim or Ambition, Legal Problems, Financial Litigation, Imprisonments, CBI,ACB,IT Raids, Blames.

Natal RAHU: Abdominal Disorders, Vomiting and loose motions, No Growth in life,


Natal KETHU: Stomach disorder, Dispute and Disturbances at home.

SUN: Soul, Father, Son, King, President, Administer, Government, Government officers, Politics, politicians, Success, Development, Name and Fame, Brightness, Capital city, Power, Heat, Right Eye, Right side Windows of the house

Enemies: Venus, Saturn, Rahu


MOON:, Mind, Mother, Mother in law, Elder sister, Third Wife, Female, Liquid, Travelling, Cheating, Loss, Blames, Expenditure, Adultery, Clandestine Affairs or Activities, Thief, News, Motion, Changes, Change of place, Displacement, Transfer, Cold, Water, Cow Shed, Agriculture, Writing Poetry or Stories, Grocery Shop, Medical Shop, Breast, Stomach, Urinary Track, left part of the chin, Left Eye, Left Side Window of the House, Both room, Watery Places like Sea, Well, River, Kumkum, Art, Liquid Articles, Food , Food Articles, Rain, Drainage water (Moon + Ketu). Dirty water ( Saturn +moon),

Enemies: Venus, Kethu.


MARS: Body, Husband(First), Younger Brother, Technology, engineer, Machineries, Rivalry, Disputes, Anger, Ego, Power, Energy, Adamancy, Accidents, Police, Defense force, Sportsman, Union Leader,, Surgeon, Cultivation, Agriculture, Eye Brows, Teeth, Blood, Cardiac reason, Semen, Bone Marrow, Bridge of the Nose, Bedroom, Ovan, Fire, Energy Meter, Electronic Transformer, Meter Boards, Electrical Motors, Heaters, Stones, Stone Pillers, Pillars, Beams or Columns of the House. Bat, Wicket, Minerals, Knife, Spears, Bullets, Enemy, Hard Substance, Scissors, Triangular Shape, Needle, Thorn, Arrow, Weapons.

Enemies: Mercury, Saturn, Rahu.


MERCURY: Intellect, Youngest Brother or Sister, Maternal Uncle, Father in-law, Friends(Boy or Girl friends), Second wife, Concubine, Support, Education, Business, Business partner, Trade and Commerce, Philosophy, Diplomacy, Astrology, Teacher, lecturer, professor, scientist, research engineer, Book publisher, book store, Accountant, Auditor, poet, writer, comedian Actor, Astrologer, lawyer, painter, Correspondence,
information, Ball, hands, neck, shoulder, skin, forehead, tongue, vocal card, throat, visitor hall, study room, balcony, plastering of the walls, parapet, garden, park, green pads, green cuttings, education, beauty walls, crops, leaves, soil, land, mud walls, registration, speech, eloquence, knowledge, activity, thoughts, tricks, diplomacy, cunningness, soft things,

Enemies: Mars, Kethu.


JUPITER: Jeeva Karaka for Male, Second Husband, Preacher, Mentor, Guide, Teacher, Presenter, Trainer, Education Department, Education Minister, Judge, Religious Activities, Spiritual Person, Development, Growth, Respect, Divinity. Nose, Fat, Thigh, Leg, Feet, Flush, Puja Room, Vedas, Temples, Endowment Department, Honey, Divine, Cow, Prestige, Respect, Self esteem, Patience.
Enimies: No Enemies but sometimes Rahu , Moon, Mercury.


VENUS: Jeeva Karaka for Woman, Wife (First), Younger Sister, Daughter, Daughter in- Law, Luxuries, pleasure, Money, Wealth, Finance, Banking, Money Lending, Wine Shop, Cattle Field, Cloth Merchant, Love, Poetry, Flower, Sex, Marriage, Assets, Vehicles , House, Semen, Sperm, Uterus, Ovaries, Cheek, Heart, right side of the chin, Kitchen, Music, Scent, Sweet, Intoxicants, Dance, Acting, Fancy Stores, Dancing Ball or Hall, Cinema theatre.

Enemies: Sun, Moon, Kethu.


SATURN: Karma Karaka, Elder Brother Third Husband, Work, profession, Industry, Slowness, Indolence, Chin, Feet, Buttocks, Anus, Knees, Fore leg, Digestive Bladder, Store Room, Dump Yard, Dust Bin, Grinding Stone, Dining Hall, Windy and Gastric Health Disorders, Woolen Cloths, Iron, Lead, Whirling Wind, Storm, Oil Mines, Low Paid Servant,

Enemies: Mars, Kethu, Sun, Moon.


Rahu: Paternal Grand Father, Foreign Country, foreign travel, avionics, C B I officer, Detective Agencies, defence, smuggling, corruption, thief, Shade related Professions such as Photography, T V, Cinema, cinema hall, Computer, Software, Graphics, Printing ,
Publishing, Corruption, Hard Work, Accidents, Operation, Big, Large, Multi, Numerous, Wheel, Head, Mouth, Ears, Lips, Intestines, Rectum, Testicles, Main Entrance, Main door, Old House, Dilapidated Wall, Broken Wooden Frames of the Door, Crack in the Wall, Broken Articles or Damaged things, Scaffolding , Dark Room, Big hall, Tower, Egg shape, Desolate Region, Wide Road, Round Circle, Round Shape, Darkness, Vastness, Smoke, Hallucination, Illusion, Shade, Umbrella, Roof of the House, Portico and Car Sheds, Wheel Shape, Big size copper Vessels, Iron Pans ( Saturn + D G), Frying pans, Big Vessels, Circumference of Wheel, Playing Ground, Open or Vacant or Empty Space, Wide open Space, Rocks of various varieties- Tunnels, or Caves, Logs of Wood, Mosques, Grave yard , Torn Beds, Large and Big Digs without water, Big in size, Open Terrace, Clouds, Top Spread of Trees, Dried Wood, Rubber, Plastic, Dried Leather, Godown, Coffee Seed, Rope, Lord of serpents, Gastric troubles, Mouth of a Snake, Compound Wall, (D H and D T) Kaala Purushudu,.

Enimies: Moon, Mars.


9,Kethu: Maternal Grand Father, Law, Medical, Pharma, Chemical, Chemistry, Astrology, Religion, Occultism, Spirituality, Philosophy, Temple, Endowment, Law, Lawyer, Litigation, Obstacles, Obstruction, Dispute, Differences of Opinion, Careless, Spiritual, Salvation, Saffron Cloth, Imprisonment, Nail, Hair, Beard, Nerves, Anus, Staircase, Chimney, ventilators, sky light in the house, Back Exit, Narrow Room, Narrow Lane, Lanes, Drains or ditches, Sewage or Dirty Water, Bath Room, Ant hills, Thread, Wire, Rope, Strings, swinging, wagging, a kind of short, straight, dried Grass, creepers, bunch of Hair, Roots or Herbs, Chain, Web or Net, Gutter, Dried Grass, Herbs, Trunk of Elephant, Banyan Tree, Flags, Choultry, Hospitals, Prayer Hall, Root of Trees, Tails, Tail of Snake

Enimies: Mercury, Venus, Saturn.


Pl get by heart these significations of planets according to Brighu Nandi nadi, you can understand my future postings based on Brighu Bandi Nadi. If you are thoroughly conversant with these significations of planets.











General Characteristics of Zodiac Signs


Aries: house of Mars, centre, place of king, place of heat, thorn planets, rocks, hills, hot countries, firy places, house of husband for female, battle field, small villages, red in colour, stones, head portion, central government, long and lengthy.
Education: Agricultural sciences, Electronics, Mechanical Engineering, Printing and Dental.
Profession: Defence, surgeons, chemists, Barbers, manufacturers of sports, real estate.
Taurus: house of Venus, the house of mother in law, lakshmi karaka - a sign of wealth, spacious place of mother, hump portion of the bull, cattle sheds, fruits, white in colour, food grains, Face(fore head), medium height.
Education: Music, psychology, designing, photography, painting, sculpting and medicine.
Profession: musicians, film industry, painters, decorators, dress makers, dealers in ready made dresses.
Gemini: House of Mercury, commercial place, vaishyas, speech, intellect, education, maternal uncle, house of friends, green grass and leaves, shoulders, balcony, big hall, gambling house, cities.
Education: B.Ed, Arts, journalism, printing, C.A, banking, commerce, astrology. Profession: lecturers, teachers, govt. service, publishers, clerks, astrologers, Media related, singers, actors, dancers, accountants, painters.

Cancer: House of Moon, ocean of nectar, a sign of devine mother, cold place, travels, water place, Tank, bath room, milk booth, place of deities, pink in colour. Education: agricultural sciences, marine, music, Marketing, economics, chemistry
Profession: sailors, submarines, shipping corporation, fishers department, explorers, ministers, gas/ kerosene dealers.
Leo: House of sun, house of mother, Kingdom, place of administration, State Government. Large city, shape of cave, brown in colour, Belly, Stomach.
Education: geography, history, M.A in literature, B.Ed, medicine
Profession: managers, directors, tutors, coaches, doctors, people in high posts
Virgo: House of Mercury, house of commerce, illegitimate wealth, place of intellect, big business locality, place of intellectual and commercial transactions, creepers, place of amusements, place of good looking, grey in colour, place of learning, ground where there is no hard stones, coins.
Education: D.Pharmacy, medicine, neurology, electrical engineering, tours and travels
Profession: doctors, health department, govt services, beauticians, air force, caterers, restaurants, owners.
Libra: house of Venus, treasury, place of business, place of royal servant, shape of plate, group of maids, small town, variegated in colour, abdomen.
Education: astrology, mathematics, B.Com, Homeo Pathic medicines, medicines, textiles, music and fine arts.
Professions: Bank Employees, musicians, artists, film industry, music composers, directors, astrologers, doctors.
Scorpio: House of Mars, underground, narrow/ corner/ congested place, trifle matters, road containing full of thorns and stone places, place containing venomous reptiles, wild places, villages, valleys, colour of black and red, hole ( rabbit hole), male and female secret organs ( for example by nature scorpio lives in a hole or cave thing like where it enters a whole which denotes a women secret organ and also the scorpio has a tail which indicates the secret organ of a man and hence the aspirant is to possess a character of both man and woman in general by nature. Burial ground, small village, marshy place, place of hiding, Black in colour.
Education: computer engineering, Typing, Agricultural engineering, surgery, music, arts
Profession: police department, defence and Army, computer engineering, detectives, surgeons,

Saggitarius: house of Jupiter, forest places, forest, plants and leaves, place of a seer, platoons, place of armouries, archery, crowd of trees, thigh. Little darkness, lengthy place, a place of a learned master, Golden in colour.
Education: Economics, religion, literature, B.Com, computers, C.A, Accountancy Profession: priests, astrologers, security personals, politicians, judges, lecturers, bank employees, journalists, photographers and editors.
Capricorn: House of Saturn, hard rock, hill and water bound place, cold region, excess of heat, place of royal servant place of body guards/ security , place of dust, dust water, jungles, knees, yellow in colour.
Education: physics, B.A, lab tech, diploma in mechanism, psychology, neurosciences. Profession: Hypnotic, psychologists, neurosurgeons, politicians, mental hospitals, treating drug addicts.

Aquarius: House of Saturn, Secret place place of Dark, Pot shape, small village, round shape, a place of security in a devine place ( Dwarapalaka), place of air and dark, secret place, a place of toddy shops, place of gambling, mutton market, Buttocks. Variegated in colour.
Education: B.com, Nursing, Telecommunications C.A
Professions: Industrialist, Mech. Engineering, Mining Department,Quarries, Govt. services, Paint and hardwear Manufacturers.

Pisces: House of Jupiter, place of heaven, Bank of Holi rivers, tanks, Phigrimages, feet of lord, holy places like Haridwar (in India), place of divine preceptor, place of holy information. Fruits and flowers, origin of Ganga.
Education: B.Com, Commerce, textiles, printing and publishing, astrology Vedic sciences.
Profession: Running trusts, old age homes, temples, interior decoration, banks, dealers in books and stationeries.






Progeny(B N N)

Sun is causative planet for Male Progeny and Venus is Causative Planet for Female Progeny.

1.	If Jupiter has Sun in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th or 11th house, Male Progeny is promised.
2.	If Jupiter has Venus in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th, or 11th house. Female Progeny is promised.
3.	If Jupiter aspects Sun and Venus, Progeny is promised early.
4.	If Saturn aspects Sun and Venus, Progeny is promised a bit late Aputra Yoga ( No progeny)
	If the lord of 5th house from Jupiter occupies a Dusthana viz., 6th, 8th, or 12th houses or if 5th house is occupied by malefic or if the lord of 5th house is conjoined with   or is aspected by malefic planets, no progeny is promised.
Example chart : a) Male Chart - No progeny.

		Venus Saturn	
	
Male horoscope 16.07.1972 – 12.50 pm
Nagapattanam, Tamilnadu	Sun,mercury, mars, ketu
Rahu	 	
Jupiter (R)		Ascendant	Moon








b) Female chart who has no progeny. These two charts are of a couple.


		Saturn (R)	Ketu
	
Female Horoscope 13.01.1973 – 02.40 am

Jamshepur, Jharkhand	
	 	
Sun,	mercury, Jupiter, Rahu	Venus	,
Mars	, Moon	Ascendant	Moon
	If sun is conjoined with Rahu and Venus is conjoined with Ketu , on the other hand if Sun is conjoined with Ketu and Venus is conjoined with Rahu, No progeny is promised. If Jupiter aspects Sun and Venus, this Dhosha will be waded off.
If Sun is conjoined with Rahu or if Sun is hemmed in between Rahu and Ketu, No male progeny is promised . Though male child is born, that child is short-lived. This Dhosha is warded off if Jupiter aspects Sun.
If Venus is conjoined with Rahu or if Venus is hemmed in between Rahu and Ketu, No female progeny is promised . Though female child is born, that child is short- lived . This Dhosha is warded off if Jupiter aspects Venus.
Eg:

Ratan Tata (born on 28. 12.1937) : The 5th lord from Jupiter is posited in the 12th house of Jupiter. So No progeny is promised
Narendra Modi (born on 17.09.1950) : The 5th house lord from Jupiter is posited in 8th house. So No Progeny Is promised.
Love Marriages:

Love Marriage for Male Native.
(In the Following Combinations, the planets that are conjoined with Venus can be in trine or associated with Venus in the front or rear houses in a male horoscope. These combinations should be conjoined with Jupiter or aspected by Jupiter.)
Dragon Head+Venus+Moon: love marriage
Dragon Head+Venus+Mercury: love marriage
Moon+venus+Sun: love marriage
Moon+venus+Mercury: love marriage
Venus+Mercury+ Sun: love Marriage
Venus+Mercury: love marriage
Venus + Saturn or Rahu: love Marriage
Venus+Mecury+ ketu= love marriage with a Christian or low cast girl (Mercury should be debilitated or in Enemy signs)
Venus +Mecury + Rahu = Love marriage with a Muslim girl.
Venus+mercury+ Jupiter +Rahu = love Marriage with A Brahmin Girl.
Venus+ Mercury+moon= LoveMarriage with a Vaishya Girl Or A daughter of a Business man.
Venus + Mecury + mars + Rahu= Love marriage with a Sikh Girl.
Venus+ mercury+ Saturn= love marriage with a Sudhra or a low caste girl.
Venus + Mercury + Saturn + Sun: Love Marriage with a politician.
Venus + Mercury + Rahu + Moon : love marriage with a foreign girl.


Love marriage for female native:
( In the Following Combinations, the planets that are conjoined With Mars can be in trine or associated with Mars in the

front or rear houses in a female horoscope. Mars should be aspected by Jupiter)
Dragon Head + Venus + Moon: love Marriage
Dragon Head + Venus + Mercury: love Marriage
Moon + Venus + Sun: love Marriage
Moon + Venus + Mercury: love Marriage
Venus + Mercury + Sun: love Marriage
Venus + Mercury: love Marriage
Venus + Mars + Saturn or Rahu: love Marriage
Venus + Mars + Mercury + ketu= love marriage with a Christian or low cast boy
Venus + Mars + Mercury + Rahu = Love marriage with a Muslim boy.
Venus + Mars + Mercury + Jupiter+ Ketu : Love marriage with Low caste Boy( Mercury or Venus should be debilitated).
Venus + Mars + mercury + Jupiter + Rahu = love Marriage with A Brahmin boy.
Venus + Mars + Mercury + moon= Love Marriage with a Vaishya Boy Or A son of a Business man.
Venus + Mars + Mercury + mars+ Rahu= Love marriage with a Sikh Boy.
Venus+Mars+ Mercury+ Saturn= love marriage with a Sudhra or a low caste boy.
Venus + Mars + Mercur+ Saturn+ Sun: Love marriage with a Government Employee or a Politician.
Venus + Mars + Mercury + Moon + Rahu+ Saturn: Love marriage with a foreigner

House Yoga( Brighu Nandi Nadi) :


If Venus is posited in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th, 11th house from Jupiter, the native will have own house.
If the 4th house lord is posited in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 9th, 11th house from Jupiter, the native will have own house.
If Ketu is posited in 1st, 2nd, 5th or 9th house from Venus, the native will not have house yoga or will have to dispose of his own house due to debts.
If Venus is conjoined with Mercury or Rahu or Saturn or Mars , the Native will have own house . but only if the above conditions apply.
a)Venus + Mercury: The native will have duplex house, rich house or a commercial shopping complex. The native will have beautiful house with all exquisite furniture and all home appliances. If Venus is conjoined with Mercury and Rahu, the native will possess old house or dilapidated house as an ancestral property.
b)If Venus and Mercury are conjoined in Pisces or Virgo, the native will have own house.
This is a Neecha Bangha Raja Yoga
c)Venus + Rahu : The native will have multi-storied building or Big Apartment or Mansion. There may be House properties in the name of his wife. The native will get more than two flats or house.
Venus + Saturn: The native will purchase house after marriage. There will be house properties in the name of his wife. if Saturn and Sun are conjoined with Venus, the native will live in Govt allotted Quarters.
Venus + Mars: The native will have an ordinary house. When Saturn, Sun, Mars are conjoined with Venus, the native if police or army personal will live in police or military quarters or Cantonment lands.
Venus + Jupiter: the native will have beautiful house with exquisite furniture, luxury articles and home appliances. If Jupiter and Venus is exchanged, the native will have own house.
If Venus is posited in his own houses i.e Taurus and Libra or in Mercury Houses i.e Gemini and Virgo or in Jupiter’s houses i.e Sagittarius and Pisces, the native will have Duplex Building or Commercial complex or apartments if the above 4 conditions apply.
If Ketu is placed in the 2nd house from Jupiter, the Native is interested in living in upper floors only, not in ground floor. So the naive has to use staircase or lift to reach his flat.
Traditional Astrology :
When the lord of 4th house from Lagna is conjoined with Benefics in Kendra or Trikona, the native will possess good home.
If the lords of 4th and 10th are conjoined together with Saturn and Mars , the native acquires innumerable mansions.
If Venus and Mercury are conjoined in Pisces or Virgo, the native will have own house. This is a Neecha Bangha Raja Yoga . Exalted Venus in Kendra or Trikona gives House yoga.


Location of Birth Place and Name Identification

Jupiter is Jeevakaraka for Male native . The association Planets or Conjoined Planets or Aspecting planets of Jupiter tell us the location of the Birth place and Names of the male Native. Similarly Venus who is Jeevakaraka for female Native should also be considered.
Jupiter+ Moon+Rahu: the native is born near a big Lake or Village Well or Sea
Jupiter+Moon+Ketu: the Native is born near Holy River or Canal.
Jupiter+ Sun+ Rahu: the native is born in a Town.
Jupiter+ Ketu: the native is born in a Small Village.
Jupiter + Mercury + Venus: the is born in a City.
Jupiter+Saturn+Moon+Ketu: the native is born near Lord Shiva temple.
Jupiter+ Moon or Saturn and Moon: the native is born near a Parvathi. Or a village Deity temple.
Jupiter+Moon+Mars/ Rahu: the native is born near Kali or Durga or shakthi temple
Jupiter + Moon + Ketu: the native is born near Gayathri Temple.

10 Jupiter +Mars: the native is born near Subramanya temple

Jupiter+ Saturn/sun +Mercury+ketu: the native is born near Ganesh temple
Jupiter+Mercury: Any Vishnu Temple(like Krishna, Rama, Venkateswara...) 12 Jupier+Venus+Mercury: the native is born near Lakshmi Narayana Temple
10 Jupiter+Mercury+Moon: the native is born near a Krishna temple. 11 Jupiter+Mercury+Sun: the native is born near a Rama Temple.
Jupiter+Venus+Mars: the native is born near Ugra Narasimha Swamy temple.

Jupiter+venus+mercuty +Mars: the native is born near
Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy temple

13 Jupiter+Mercury+Rahu: the native is born near a Varaha Swamy temple.
Jupiter+Saturn+Mecury: the native is born near Ayyappa Swamy Temple, Dattatreya Temple, Dhakshana Murthy temple.
Jupiter+Mercury+Dragan Tail: The native is born near Saraswathi temple
Jupiter+ Saturn+ Mars+ Ketu : the native is born near Hanuman temple
Jupiter+Rahu: the native is born near a Mosque, or Famous Tombs or GraveYard or Secred place of Guru Tomb like Shiridi.
Note: Based on the above combinations, the name of the native also can be identified.
For example;
Jupiter + Saturn + Moon + Ketu: The person who has this combination will have Lord Shiva related names like Shiva, Mallikarjuna, Neelakanta, Gangadhar, bhairava.
Jupiter+ Mercury +venus: the native who has this combination will have Lord Vishnu related Name like Krishna, Rama Rao, Sathyanarayana, Venkateswara rao, Gopala Krishna, Narayana, Vishnu,


The location of Your House:
If Mars is associated with Sun in the Preceding or Succeeding Houses in a Horoscope, there will be a temple or Govt office beside or near the House of the Native. If Mars and Sun are in the same house, the house of the native will be on the main Road.
If Mars is associated with Jupiter, there will be a school or college beside or near the House of the Native.
If Mars is associated with Venus, there may be an ATM or Bank or Hospital or Beauty Parlour or Juice shop or Coffee shop near or beside the House of the native.
If Mars is associated with Saturn or Saturn and Rahu, there may be vacant place where garbage is piles or a public Dustbin or Grave Yard or tombs near the House of the Native
If Mars is associated with Rahu, there may be a dilapidated house or a Park or Parking Place or Playing Ground or a Stadium beside or near the House of the native.
If Mars is associated with Moon or Moon and Rahu , there may be a well or village pond or lake or over head water tank beside or near the house of the Native.. if Mars is associated with Venus and Rahu, there may be a theatre or auditorium or multi speciality Hospital near the house of the native.
If Mars is associated with Ketu , the house of the native is beside Tailoring Shop or Electrical shop or Saloon (Ketu). There will be a dead end road in front of their House.
If Mars is associated with Rahu and Moon , there may be Big Pond or Lake near the house of the native. His house is situated near by Big Lake or Sea.
If Mars is associated with Ketu and Moon, There may be Drainage beside the house. His house is situated near a River.
If Mars is hemmed in between Rahu and Ketu, the house of the native will have two entrances – Front side as well as back side of the house.
If Sun is exalted and conjoined with Jupiter and Rahu or Ketu, there may be Street hitting (Spearing Street) towards North East or Eastside. If Sun is debilitated and conjoined with Venus and Rahu or ketu , There may be Street hitting ( Spearing Street) towards East- South East.
If Moon is exalted and conjoined with Saturn or Venus and Rahu or Ketu, there will be Street Hitting (Spearing Street) towards West- North West or Westside. If Moon is debilitated and conjoined with Venus or Mercury and Rahu or Ketu, there will be Street hitting (Spearing Street) towards North- North West.
If Mars is exalted and conjoined with Venus and Rahu or ketu , there may be Street hitting (Spearing Street) towards South-South East. If Mars is debilitated and conjoined with
Saturn and Rahu or Ketu, there may be Street Hitting ( Spearing Street) towards South or South- South West or West-South West.
If Jupiter is exalted and conjoined with Saturn or Sun and Rahu or Ketu , there may be Street hitting ( Spearing Street) towards East-North East. If Jupiter is debilitated and conjoined with Rahu or ketu , there may be Street hitting (Spearing Street) towards West- South West.
If Mercury is exalted and conjoined with Jupiter or Sun and Rahu or Ketu, there may be Street hitting ( Spearing Street) towards North-north East. If Mercury is debilitated and conjoined with Moon and Rahu and Ketu, there may be Street Hitting (Spearing Street) towards North- North East.
If Venus is exalted and conjoined with Mercury and Rahu or Ketu, there will be a Street hitting ( Spearing Street) towards South- South East. If Venus is debilitated and conjoined with Moon and Rahu Or ketu, there May be Street hitting (Spearing Street) towards West- South West.
If Satun is exalted and conjoined with Jupiter or Venus and Rahu or ketu, there may be a Street hitting (Spearing Street) toward North East. If Saturn is debilitated and conjoined with Mars and Rahu or ketu there may be Street hitting( Spearing Street) towards there may be a road hit towards West- South West or Soth- South West.


The location of Your shop or business firm : 


If Mercury is associated with Mars and Ketu in the preceding or succeeding houses in a Horoscope, the shop of the native is
beside a Hardware or Metal related shop (Mars), or Cloth store or Tailer Shop or Electrical shop(ketu).
	If mercury is associated with sun, there will be a temple or Govt office beside the shop or the shop will be on the main roead.
If mercury is associted with jupiter , there will be A school or college.
	If mercury is associated with venus, there may be an ATM or Bank or Hospital or Beauty Parlour or coffee or juice shop
	If mercury is associated with saturn or saturn and Rahu, there may be vacant place or Grave yard or tombs near the shop of the native place.
If mercury is associated wth Rahu, there may be a dilapidated house or a Park Or Parking Place or Playing Ground or a Stadium beside or near the shop of the native.
If mercury is associated with Moon or Moon and Rahu , there may be a well or village pond or lake or over head water tank beside or near the shop.
If mercury is associated with Venus and Rahu, there may be a theatre or auditorium or multi speciality Hospital near the shop of the native.


Foreign Travel ( Brighu Nandi Nadi)


The causative planets for foreign travel are Moon, Rahu or Ketu. Rahu or Ketu denotes Foreign related. Moon denotes Travel or Transport.
If Rahu is posited in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th, 11thor 12th house from Moon, foreign travel or long travel is promised. It denotes long stay in foreign country or the native will settle in foreign country.
If Ketu is posited in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th, 11thor 12th house from Moon, foreign travel is promised. It denotes short stay in foreign country.
Male Horoscope:
If Jupiter is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/ketu, the native will have foreign travel.
If Jupiter along withVenus and Sun is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu , the native will go abroad along with his wife and children.
if Jupiter along with Mercury is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native will go abroad for advanced studies (to study M S or PHD).
if Jupiter along with Saturn is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native will go abroad on Professional Work or Assignment.
if Jupiter along with Saturn and Mercury is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native goes abroad for the promotion or expansion of his Business.
a) If Venus is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/ketu, the native will have foreign travel.
Female Horoscope:
If Venus along with Mars and Sun is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu , the native will go abroad along with her husband and children.
If Venus along with Mercury is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native will go abroad for advanced studies (to study M S or PHD).
If Venus along with Saturn is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native will go abroad on Professional Work or Assignment.
If Venus along with Saturn and Mercury is conjoined with Moon and Rahu/Ketu, the native goes abroad for the promotion or expansion of his Business.


Health Disorders: (Brighu Nandi Nadi)

Zodiac Signs and Health Problems

Aries:	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Head, brain, Migraine, Headaches, affection of the Brain, Nervous System, Neuralgia, Coma, Colic pains, Paralysis, Brain Stroke, Pituitary Gland, sinusitis, tooth aches, Baldness, Head injuries, Lunacy, Memory problem, Giddiness
Rahu: Injuries to Head, and above mentioned disorders
Ketu: Migraine, injury to head, and above disorders
Taurus	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Face, Throat, Tongue, Teeth, Eyes, Nose, Adenoids, Tonsils, Voice, palate, Vocal tract, Cervical Bones, Thyroid gland, Sore throats, Eye sore,   Squint   eye, Sinusitis, stiff necks, Ear aches, pimples, colour blindness, facial paralysis
Rahu: Thyroid, Throat, Tonsils,
Ketu: Thyroid, Vocal cords,
Gemini	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Neck, Shoulders, Ears, Arms, shoulders, hands, Arm bones, lungs, wheezing Asthma, Eosinophilia, Bronchitis, Anaemia, Respiratory problems, tuberculosis, shoulder dislocation , injuries to hands and fingers, Scapula, Upper ribs
Rahu: Exalted Position for Rahu, Shoulder Dislocation, Collar bone Fracture,
Ketu: Fracure of Shoulders Bones, Astma

Cancer	Body Parts and Health Disorders : Lungs, Chest, Heart, Heart at ache, Chest, Fragile Lungs, Asthma, Bronchitis, T B, Jaundice, Boils on the chest, Milk, Breast Cancer, Indigestion, stomach Ulcers, Blood Pressure
Rahu: Dryness in Breast, low milk Production from Breast,
Ketu: Firey planet, Heart related problems, Allergy Problems, Breathing related, Removal of Breast  due to camcer
Leo	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Heart, Stomach, Belly, Heart palpitation, Rhumatic heart disease, Stomach, spinal cord disorders , Back Bone, Gall Bladder, Abdomen, sun stroke, epilepsy, rheumatic fever
Rahu: Gastric problems,
Ketu: Stomach, Spinal Card, Spandiities,
Virgo	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Waist and lower Belly, Abdomen, indigestion, liver, Pancreas, solar plexus, Nervous related, malnutrition, tape warm, large and small intestines, Constipation, Diabetics, spleen, food allergies
Rahu: own house for Rahu, Large Intestines, gastric problems, Pancreas,
Ketu: Large Intestines, Pancreas, Liver,
Libra	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Kidney, lumber zone, lower back pain, loins, lumber, Abdomen, semen, female organs – uterus, uterus removal, ovary, appendicitis, Infertility, impotency, Hernia, urinary, female diseases  like white discharge, irregular periods,
Rahu: No lubrication, Dryness in Vagina
Ketu: Removal of Uterus, Sexual orgons, Frustrations in Sex and Bed
Pleasures, White discharges,	Difficulties at the time of Delivery for women
Scorpio:	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Male or female Private parts, bowels, piles, Hernia, Anus, irregular Menstruation, Contagious, Prostrate gland. Genital infection, obesity, bladder, rectum, Pelvic Bones, venereal diseases
Rahu: Kidney, uterus, Menopause, No sexual pleasures,

	Ketu: Uterus , Kidney,  Sexual Orgons
Sagittarius	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Thighs, Hips, limbs, sciatic nerve, rheumatic pain, fracture in the hip, gout, Arteries, Boils, Muscle problems,
Rahu: Weakness in Thigh, Hips
Ketu: Arteries, Thighs, Hip Fracture, Rods in Hiphs
Capricorn	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Knees and Bones, joints, skeletal system, rheumatic pains, bones, knee and patella, bones fracture , knee replacement, Knee ligament surgery,
Rahu: Driness and less fluid in Knee caps, Arthritis,
Ketu: Knee replacement, or Rods in Knee Parts
Aquarius	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Ankles and Legs shanks, left ear , calves, buttocks, cramps, swelling of the ankles, Orthopedic Problems Rahu: knees and Calves, Artritis,
Ketu: Artiries, Swelling of ankles
Pisces	Body Parts and Health Disorders: Feet, toes, perspiration of the feet, lymphatic system, adipose tissue, left eye, Ring Warm, Leukemia, Amputation of Foot
Rahu: Foot run over by Vehicles twice or twice.
Ketu: Dronwed in water, suicide, Falling from heights


Planets and Health Disorders
Sun: Right Eye, Head ache, Heart- Stroke, Diarrhea, Loss of Appetite, Bile
Moon: Left Eye, Venereal, Cold, Sinus, Measles, Infections, Blood Impurities.
Mars: Blood and Heart, B P, Piles, Accident-Cut – Injury, Burn, Surgery
Mercury: Skin, Tongue – Speech, Stammering, Vocal cords, Allergies, Leprosy, Stomach, Fore Head, Baldness,
Jupiter: Nostrils, Hernia, Bronchitis, Liver, Jaundice, Belly. Obesity,
Venus: Venereal Diseases, Uterine and Ovary, Sperm, Wind, Diabetes, Abortion
Saturn: Gastric, Rheumatism, Organ defects, Indigestion, Breathing, Asthma.
Rahu: Large Intestine, Ear, Cataract, Pimple, Abortion, Accidents, Poisons, Gastric, Pains
Ketu:	Hair, Nails,	Blocks, Growth, Abortion, Removal, Immobility, Sickness, Arrest, Pains, Suicidal Tendency

 Face governed by the Planets
01 Right eye – Sun 02 Left eye – Moon 03 Eye Brow – Mars
04 Fore head - Mercury 05  Nostrils: Jupiter
Cheeks – Venus
Chin – Right and left part of the chin governed by Saturn 08  Mouth and ear – Rahu
09 Hairs – Ketu
Teeth – Mars
Tongue – Mercury

Health Disorders

Moon + mercury: skin Diseases, throat infection
Moon + Mercury+Saturn+Rahu: psoriasis
Rahu / Ketu +Jupiter or Saturn: Rheumatism
Mars + Saturn: tooth ache or tooth decaying
Mars+ Rahu: Uneven teeth, Ugly looking
Jupiter + Venus and Moon: Breathing Trouble, Asthama
Jupiter+ Mars +ketu: piles
Jupite r+ mars+ Ketu + Moon: cancer
Saturn+ sun or moon: eye related,
Rahu/ketu +moon or sun: week eye sight, (cateract, colour blindness, aquinted eye.
Venus+ Moon:	Diabetics, Uterus trouble, Indigestion, Urinary infection, Kidney trouble, Bladder trouble.
Jupiter+ Sun + Mars + Ketu: Heart related diseases like heart at ache,